Update readme (#31)
metabase/embedding-reference-apps: README.md

# Embedding Metabase dashboards: reference web apps

> This repo contains example applications for common web frameworks to demonstrate how [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) dashboards embed in web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains example applications for common web frameworks to demonstrate how [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) dashboards can be embedded in your application.
```

# Embedding Metabase dashboards: reference web apps

This repo contains example applications for common web frameworks to demonstrate how [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) dashboards embed in web applications.

This README will walk you through getting Metabase up and running, as well as a simple web app, to show you a live example of an embedded dashboard.

Here's a simple Metabase dashboard in action:

> ![Simple Metabase dashboard embedded in Node application](/static/img/metabase_node_embed.gif)

Reviewer 2: WHAAAAAAT, nice gif!

## Premium embedding

> Embedding Metabase charts will always be free; we just ask you to include the "Powered by Metabase" graphic when embedding charts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Embedding Metabase charts will always be free, but we include a "Powered by Metabase" graphic when using the open source version.
```

> If you'd like to remove the "Powered by Metabase" graphic, check out our [Premium Embedding](https://store.metabase.com/product/embedding) options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you'd like to remove the "Powered by Metabase" attribution, check out our [Enterprise Edition](https://www.metabase.com/enterprise/) which lets you do so so as well as white-label the application.
```

## Prerequisites

- Java version 8.x or 11.x. [Install OpenJDK](https://openjdk.java.net/install/).

## Set up Metabase

> We'll first need to set up a running instance of Metabase to serve the embedded dashboards. If you already have an instance of Metabase running on your machine, shut it down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We'll first need to set up a running instance of Metabase to serve the embedded dashboards.
```

Metabase will log its progress in the terminal as the jar runs. Once you see the line, "Metabase Inititalization COMPLETE", open your browser to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see that Metabase is up and running. 

## Running the apps

To see an embedded Metabase dashboard in action, [set up Metabase](#set-up-metabase), and follow the instructions in the README for the relevant app. If you're not sure which one to try, check out the [Node app](/node/README.md).

- [Node](/node/README.md)

- [Django](/django/embedded-analytics/README.md)

- [Rails](/rails/embedded-analytics/README.md)

- [Laravel](/laravel/embedded-analytics/README.md)

## Embedding charts or dashboards

There are two ways to embed charts or dashboards in web applications:

### Public embeds

The Public embedding method is to simply use the public URLs inside of an iframe, or really anywhere you can insert HTML. The embedded dashboard has a secure URL, so a user can only look at the contents of the dashboard being shared. An end user never has information they can use to modify the URL and gain access to any other resources on your Metabase instance.

### Signed embeds

> With signed embedding, all embedded charts and dashboards have to be signed using a secret key. You should sign embedded charts and dashboards on your server, which allows you to embed dashboards accessible to specific organizations, accounts, or users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With signed embedding, all embedded charts and dashboards have to be signed using a secret key. This allows you to build dynamic dashboards with a parameter that can be be locked down on the client side.  You should sign embedded charts and dashboards on your server, which allows you to embed dashboards accessible to specific organizations, accounts, or users.
```

The web applications go into more detail about embedding, and provide examples. Start up the [Node app](/node/README.md) and explore the app.

## Documentation on embeds

You can also learn more about embedding dashboards by reading [Metabase's documentation](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/).

- [Quick search: embed](https://www.metabase.com/search.html?query=embed).

Article links:

> - [Embedding Metabase in other applications](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/administration-guide/13-embedding.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Embedding Metabase components in other applications](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/administration-guide/13-embedding.html)
```

Minor tweak to differentiate from the line below.
